README.md, before:

# The Offbeat Appetite website

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/8a466cb6-4eef-463d-81be-18240576884d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/offbeatappetite/deploys)

Based on [this next.js template](https://github.com/ciampo/_nextjs-template).

## 🛠 Setup

- install `node` glolbally
- install `yarn` glolbally
- set up Contentful, Netlify and Google Analytics
- copy `.env.example` and rename it to `env`. Add the correct values for the env variables.
- add the same env variables to Netlify
- `yarn install`

## 📝 Main scripts

### `yarn dev`

Starts the application in development mode (hot-code reloading, error reporting, etc)

### `yarn data`

Pulls data from contentful (make sure you added env variables both into a `.env` and into your Netlify project)

### `yarn static`

Builds the app in production mode and exports it as static site ready to be hosted on Netlify.

### `yarn serve:static`

Serves the static site. The application should be compiled with `yarn static` first.

## 💬 Other scripts

### `yarn build`

Compiles the application for production deployment (SSR).

### `yarn serve:ssr`

Starts and serves the application in production mode. The application should be compiled with `yarn build` first.

### `yarn analyze`

Builds the app and opens 2 graphs in the browser showing the app's bundle composition.

### `yarn test`

Lints scripts and styles.

### `yarn test:fix`

Lints scripts and styles, and tries to auto-fix any errors.

## 👻 Contributors

- [Marco Ciampini](https://github.com/ciampo)
- [Marie Claire Tonna](https://github.com/mctonna)

Commit message:

README (local vs staging vs production)

README.md, after:

# The Offbeat Appetite website

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/8a466cb6-4eef-463d-81be-18240576884d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/offbeatappetite/deploys)

Based on [this next.js template](https://github.com/ciampo/_nextjs-template).

## 🛠 Setup

- install `node` glolbally
- install `yarn` glolbally
- set up Contentful, Netlify and Google Analytics
- copy `.env.example` and rename it to `env`. Add the correct values for the env variables.
- add the same env variables to Netlify
- `yarn install`

## 📝 Main scripts

### `yarn dev`

Starts the application in development mode (hot-code reloading, error reporting, etc)

### `yarn data`

Pulls data from contentful (make sure you added env variables both into a `.env` and into your Netlify project)

### `yarn static`

Builds the app in production mode and exports it as static site ready to be hosted on Netlify.

### `yarn serve:static`

Serves the static site. The application should be compiled with `yarn static` first.

## 💬 Other scripts

### `yarn build`

Compiles the application for production deployment (SSR).

### `yarn serve:ssr`

Starts and serves the application in production mode. The application should be compiled with `yarn build` first.

### `yarn analyze`

Builds the app and opens 2 graphs in the browser showing the app's bundle composition.

### `yarn test`

Lints scripts and styles.

### `yarn test:fix`

Lints scripts and styles, and tries to auto-fix any errors.

## ⚖️ Staging vs Production deploys

The [`staging`](https://app.netlify.com/sites/offbeatappetite-staging) and [`production`](https://app.netlify.com/sites/offbeatappetite) sites **are hosted on Netlify and are both *static sites***. Both projects are deployed via a CI/CD pipeline triggered by new commits to the master branch on this repo.

There are a few differences between the staging and production sites:

| Feature (via env variables) | Dev (local) |  Staging | Production |
|:---------------------------:|:-----------:|:--------:|:----------:|
| Google Analytics            |   staging   |  staging |    prod    |
| Subscribe Form              |   enabled   | disabled |   enabled  |
| Sanity Token for drafts     |     Yes     |    Yes   |     No     |
| Canonical URL               |     prod    |  staging |    prod    |


## 👻 Contributors

- [Marco Ciampini](https://github.com/ciampo)
- [Marie Claire Tonna](https://github.com/mctonna)
